all right part two for two Oh more
you're gonna get your lose your hair
your substance then try to fit it in
here
I think it's your size and then probably
not gonna fit but whatever so you cut it
too high and when you let it put it with
the hose if you have to cut you like
with
not cool yeah we're going to use a knife
now you try to find your cutter cut
don't isn't about the punches
we have to find it good and I'm gonna
get this one on top over here victim s
behind all right okay this one right
here all right first you could aim in a
two circular in the bar then I have
right
now you take the bark out
and so just maybe soon
all right
we do it
yeah person look at her worry Bert no oh
I'm that guy I think was her neighbor
now you get water and what is he
you went to work at the woods to know
damn well where you can edit that out
you didn't see anything on here rooting
hormone
it's a hormone for plants
like seaweed for plants I was kidding
welcome
now you get this wrap it up make sure
it's wet
hey dude tell me where are you gonna go
cuz I show your face two times so that
you could edit that out cuz you didn't
say anything
they're like so
wait first
no no vicar
see now get your tape look at in
recording storm
shoulder piece again but you can enter
that now you just can't
now get it wrong too large now title
remember the gap
repeat process look at another strap
petite
I'm showing a face like a lot of time
and I have all I have to say is I'm
gonna do enough date and updates Nate
slate you know